MidiWorld! 1.7.3 Readme!
If you like this application you can give the creator some money ($3-5) to:

Brendan Allen
ISLE Software
2750 E. Midland Rd.
Indianapolis, IN 46227

If you find any bugs report them to darkmoon96@tcon.net

New/Changed stuff since 1.7.2
* Fixed a bug where if you had only one midi and removed it while it
was playing and added another midi through the menu after that and
double clicked the newly added file it would crash.
* Made it so when you stop a midi by clicking on the menu it doesn't
freeze up the interface for a few seconds anymore
* I noticed Reverb and Transpose were not working so I got them
working again.  Sorry for any inconvenience.

New/Changed stuff since 1.7.1
* Fixed a bug where once it finished the playlist it would crash
instead of loop.

New/Changed stuff since 1.7:
* Fixed a bug where if you had not previous version of MidiWorld! it
would crash on opening

New/Changed stuff since 1.5:
* Drag and Drop is much, much better now.  It is more like CL-Amp now.
* Added a preferences where it automatically saves your playlist if you for
   example drag it onto MidiWorld!, double click it, etc.  What this does is if
   you remove items or add them you won't have to save your list again.
   (This preference can be toggled)
* Fixed a bug where if you moved the song that was currently playing around
   that when it went to the next song it would not actually be the next one in
   the list. (Finally figured that one out =)
* Fixed a bug where the Reverb menu showing what it was instead of Reverb
   (ie whenever something in that menu was selected it would show up instead
    of reverb, not really a bug, but not how I wanted it)
* Fixed a bug where if you dragged a Playlist onto the list while it was playing 
  the song would keep playing even though it wasn't there anymore

New/Changed stuff since 1.25:
* Source code is now included
* Drag and Drop within the list is much better but less pretty but it works better
* There is a playlist on open menu item if it is checked then it will play the default playlist on open.
* A new interface, takes less space + keyboard shortcuts
* Loading MidiWorld! is much faster if you have a large default playlist
* Finally I got the deskbar replicant to work!!
GUI:  There is a way for the desktop and the deskbar
	* Click on the icon in the corner and click Add To Deskbar for Deskbar.
	* Click on the dragger in the corner and drag it to the Desktop
Command-line:(in case you want this in your UserBootscript)
	MidiWorld! -deskbar
	(the other command line stuff was taken out, it really wasn't needed)
Other notes:
	It saves the volume and reverb and what playlist you had open.  So whatever playlist 
you opened last within the replicant is the one that will load
To get this to work you might have to remove the mimetype for MidiWorld!
The file should be located at:
	/boot/home/config/settings/beos_mime/application/x-vnd.isle-bug.midiworld
Just delete it and it will be recreated when you launch MidiWorld! again.
* There is now a shuffle button which randomly reorders the items in the list

How to use it:
	The Intel version is in the intel folder. The PowerPC version you have to compile yourself
now because I don't have access to a powerpc machine, just open up a Terminal window and
go to the MidiWorld! directory and type make the resulting file should be in obj.ppc directory.  Open
the one which corresponds with your computer.  You drag midi files onto the list.  Double click on the 
midi you want to play(and it will start).  It will play all the ones you put on it until it get to the last 
one unless the loop boxes are checked.

Controls:
Tempo slider - To change the tempo of the current playing midi, you can go from 10% speed to 300%.  
Volume slider - this slider controls the volume of the midi
Position slider - the position slider controls where in the midi it is and you can move it to
almost any position
Menus:
File:
	Add Midis - Allows you to pick and choose midis to add to the list
	Open Playlist - Allows you to pick a playlist to open
	Save Playlist - Saves a list of midi's and you are able to double click this file later
	About MidiWorld! - Tells a little bit about the application
	Quit - Quits MidiWorld!

Preferences:
	Loop submenu:
		Loop All - loops all the midis in the list
		Loop Current - the current one will play forever
	Playlist On Open - if selected the default playlist will play on open
	Auto Save Playlist - if selected whatever playlist you open any changes
	you make to it will be saved to the file you opened.
Midi:
	Play - can also be used to play a file. 
	Stop - To stop a midi from playing(this is not shown unless a midi is playing)
	Pause  -To pause the currrent midi
	Resume - If it is paused this menu item will be shown to resume playing the midi
	Reset Tempo - To reset it to the original tempo
	Remove Item - remove an item from the list
	Reverb submenu - This menu lets you set the different types of reverb that the BeOS allows
	Transpose submenu - This menu transposes the midi up or down and you can reset it too
	Shuffle Midis - randomly reorders the list of midis
	
Deskbar/Desktop Replicant! items
Play menu - this will show you all the items in the playlist you opened and click on one will play that and it will continue on down the list and start from the top again
Stop menu item - to stop a midi from playing
Pause menu item - pauses the midi
Resume menu item - to resume the midi (only shown if it is paused)
Open Playlist menu item - opens a File Panel and lets you pick a playlist
Add Midis - opens a File Panel and lets you pick midis (you can shift-click to select > 1)
About MidiWorld! Replicant - an about box telling about the replicant
Launch MidiWorld! - this item launches the full MidiWorld! application
Volume - changes the volume
Tempo - changes the tempo
Reverb - changes the reverb
Transpose - transposes the midi up, down, or resets it
Remove From Deskbar - remove the replicant from the Deskbar

That's all!  Read the StuffToWorkOn text file for stuff I still am planning on doing.